---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "servicenow_client_script Data Source - servicenow"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  servicenow_client_script data source can be used to retrieve information of a single client script in ServiceNow by name.
---

# servicenow_client_script (Data Source)

`servicenow_client_script` data source can be used to retrieve information of a single client script in ServiceNow by name.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Look up an existing client script in ServiceNow by name.
data "servicenow_client_script" "example" {
  name = "Example Client Script"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Display name of the client script.

### Read-Only

- `active` (Boolean) Whether or not this client script is enabled.
- `applies_extended` (Boolean) If true, the script applies to extended tables.
- `condition` (String) Condition under which this client script runs.
- `description` (String) Description of what this client script does.
- `field_name` (String) Field name this client script applies to. Required when type is 'onChange' or 'onCellEdit'.
- `global` (Boolean) If true, the script applies to subtables of the specified table.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `messages` (String) Messages that can be referenced by this client script.
- `protection_policy` (String) Determines how application files are protected when downloaded or installed. Can be empty for no protection, 'read' for read-only protection or 'protected'.
- `scope` (String) Associates a resource to a specific application ID in ServiceNow.
- `script` (String) The JavaScript to execute on the client.
- `table` (String) Name of the table this client script applies to. Cannot be changed once created.
- `type` (String) When the client script runs. Valid values are 'onLoad', 'onChange', 'onSubmit', or 'onCellEdit'.
- `ui_type` (String) The UI type this script applies to. '0' for desktop, '1' for mobile, '10' for both.
- `view` (String) Sys ID of the sys_ui_view this client script applies to.
