---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "servicenow_db_table Data Source - servicenow"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  servicenow_db_table data source can be used to retrieve information of a single database in ServiceNow by Name
---

# servicenow_db_table (Data Source)

`servicenow_db_table` data source can be used to retrieve information of a single database in ServiceNow by Name

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Look up an existing database table in ServiceNow by internal name.
data "servicenow_db_table" "example" {
  name = "sys_user"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The internal name of the table.

### Read-Only

- `access` (String) Whether this Script can be accessed from only this application scope or all application scopes. Values can be 'package_private' or 'public'.
- `alter_access` (Boolean) Used when access is set to 'public'. Allow other application scoped to run scripts that update data in this table.
- `configuration_access` (Boolean) Used when access is set to 'public'. Allow design time configuration of this table from other application scopes.
- `create_access` (Boolean) Used when access is set to 'public'. Allow other application scopes to run scripts that create data in this table.
- `delete_access` (Boolean) Used when access is set to 'public'. Allow other application scoped to run scripts that delete data in this table.
- `extendable` (Boolean) Allow other tables to extend this table.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `label` (String) The display name for this table that can be localized.
- `live_feed` (Boolean) Flag to determine if live feed should be enabled for this table.
- `read_access` (Boolean) Used when access is set to 'public'. Allow other application scoped to run scripts that read data from this table.
- `scope` (String) Associates a resource to a specific application ID in ServiceNow.
- `super_class` (String) The sys_id of the parent table this table extends (super class). Leave empty to create a standalone table.
- `user_role` (String) Role ID required for end users to access this table.
- `web_service_access` (Boolean) Used when access is set to 'public'. Flag to determine if web service calls can be made to this table.
