---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "servicenow_service_catalog Data Source - terraform-provider-servicenow"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  servicenow_service_catalog data source can be used to retrieve information of a single service catalog in ServiceNow by Sys ID
---

# servicenow_service_catalog (Data Source)

`servicenow_service_catalog` data source can be used to retrieve information of a single service catalog in ServiceNow by Sys ID



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **title** (String) Title of the service catalog.

### Optional

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

### Read-Only

- **active** (Boolean) If set to 'true', the service catalog will be visible to users.
- **background_color** (String) Background color of service catalog in hexidecimal format.
- **description** (String) Comma-seperated list of sys ids of editor users capable of editing and updating catalog categories and items.
- **desktop_continue_shopping** (String) A page name redirect for when a user clicks Continue Shopping.
- **desktop_home_page** (String) A custom to redirect to when user clicks the catalog breadcrumb.
- **desktop_image** (String) Path to desktop image displayed in service catalog
- **editors** (String) Comma-seperated list of sys ids of editor users capable of editing and updating catalog categories and items.
- **enable_wish_list** (Boolean) If seto to 'true', wish list functionality will be visible in the service catalog.
- **manager** (String) Sys ID of manager user capable of performing updates, edits, and deletions again items and categories within service catalog.
- **scope** (String) Associates a resource to a specific application ID in ServiceNow.


