---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "servicenow_server Data Source - servicenow"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  servicenow_server data source can be used to retrieve information of a single server CMDB entry in ServiceNow by name.
---

# servicenow_server (Data Source)

`servicenow_server` data source can be used to retrieve information of a single server CMDB entry in ServiceNow by name.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Look up an existing server CMDB entry in ServiceNow by name.
data "servicenow_server" "example" {
  name = "MyExistingServer"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Display name of the server.

### Read-Only

- `asset_tag` (String) Asset tag associated with server.
- `assigned_to` (String) Sys ID of user associated with server.
- `company` (String) Sys ID of company associated with server.
- `cpu_core_count` (String) Number of CPU cores associated with server.
- `cpu_count` (String) Number of CPUs associated with server.
- `cpu_manufacturer` (String) Sys ID of CPU manufacturer associated with server.
- `cpu_speed` (String) CPU speed in MHz associated with server.
- `cpu_type` (String) CPU type associated with server.
- `description` (String) Short description associated with server.
- `disk_space` (String) Disk space in GB associated with server.
- `dns_domain` (String) DNS Domain associated with server.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `ip_address` (String) IP Address associated with server.
- `manufacturer` (String) Sys ID of manufacturer associated with server.
- `model_id` (String) Sys ID of model ID associated with server.
- `operating_system` (String) Operating system associated with server.
- `os_domain` (String) Sys ID of user associated with server.
- `os_service_pack` (String) Operating system service pack associated with server.
- `os_version` (String) Version of operating system associated with server.
- `ram` (String) Amount of ram in MB associated with server.
- `serial_number` (String) Serial number associated with server.
