---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "servicenow_service_catalog_item Data Source - servicenow"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  servicenow_service_catalog_item data source can be used to retrieve information of a single service catalog item in ServiceNow by name.
---

# servicenow_service_catalog_item (Data Source)

`servicenow_service_catalog_item` data source can be used to retrieve information of a single service catalog item in ServiceNow by name.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Look up an existing service catalog item in ServiceNow by name.
data "servicenow_service_catalog_item" "example" {
  name = "MyExistingServiceCatalogItem"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Display name of service catalog item.

### Read-Only

- `active` (Boolean) If set to 'true', this property will make a service catalog visible for use.
- `category` (String) Service catalog category the service catalog item is assigned to.
- `description` (String) Description of service catalog item.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `mandatory_attachment` (Boolean) If set to 'true', this property will require an attachment when a service catalog item is used.
- `no_attachment` (Boolean) If set to 'true', this property will hide the attachment button from the service catalog item.
- `no_cart` (Boolean) If set to 'true', this property will hide the add to cart button from the service catalog item.
- `no_delivery_time` (Boolean) If set to 'true', this property will hide the delivery time from the service catalog item.
- `no_quantity` (Boolean) If set to 'true', this property will hide the quantity parameter from the service catalog item.
- `no_wishlist` (Boolean) If set to 'true', this property will hide the add to wishlist button from the service catalog item.
- `scope` (String) Associates a resource to a specific application ID in ServiceNow.
- `service_catalogs` (String) Comma-separated list of service catalogs the service catalog item is assigned to.
- `short_description` (String) Short description of service catalog item.
