---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "servicenow_application_module Resource - servicenow"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  servicenow_application_module manages an application menu within ServiceNow creating a link in the application navigator.
---

# servicenow_application_module (Resource)

`servicenow_application_module` manages an application menu within ServiceNow creating a link in the application navigator.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Manages a navigator module (link) belonging to an application menu.
resource "servicenow_application_menu" "parent" {
  title = "Example Menu"
  order = 100
}

resource "servicenow_application_module" "example" {
  title               = "Example Module"
  application_menu_id = servicenow_application_menu.parent.id
  link_type           = "DIRECT"
  arguments           = "home.do"
  order               = 100
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `application_menu_id` (String) The application Menu ID where this module should reside.
- `arguments` (String) Full name of the UI Page where this module will redirect when link type is 'DIRECT'. When the link type is 'LIST', this is optional.
- `link_type` (String) Type of device where this menu will appear. Can be 'DIRECT' for a UI page link or 'LIST' for a table link.
- `title` (String) Display name of the module in the application navigator.

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) Whether or not this application module is in enabled.
- `hint` (String) Defines the text that appears in a tooltip when a user points to this module.
- `order` (Number) The display order for the module in the application menu.
- `override_menu_roles` (Boolean) Show this module when the user has the specified roles. Otherwise the user must have the roles specified by both the application menu and the module.
- `protection_policy` (String) Determines how application files are protected when downloaded or installed. Can be empty for no protection, 'read' for read-only protection or 'protected'.
- `roles` (String) Comma-separated list of Roles (names) that can view this application module.
- `scope` (String) Associates a resource to a specific application ID in ServiceNow.
- `table_name` (String) The full name of the table where this module will redirect when the link type is 'LIST'.
- `window_name` (String) The name of the browser window when clicking on a link. For example '_blank' can create a new tab.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
# Import using the sys_id of the record in ServiceNow.
terraform import servicenow_application_module.example <sys_id>
```
