---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "servicenow_db_table Resource - servicenow"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  servicenow_db_table manages a database table within ServiceNow.
---

# servicenow_db_table (Resource)

`servicenow_db_table` manages a database table within ServiceNow.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Manages a database table within ServiceNow.
resource "servicenow_db_table" "example" {
  label     = "Example Table"
  user_role = ""
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `label` (String) The display name for this table that can be localized.
- `user_role` (String) Role ID required for end users to access this table.

### Optional

- `access` (String) Whether this Script can be accessed from only this application scope or all application scopes. Values can be 'package_private' or 'public'.
- `alter_access` (Boolean) Used when access is set to 'public'. Allow other application scoped to run scripts that update data in this table.
- `configuration_access` (Boolean) Used when access is set to 'public'. Allow design time configuration of this table from other application scopes.
- `create_access` (Boolean) Used when access is set to 'public'. Allow other application scopes to run scripts that create data in this table.
- `delete_access` (Boolean) Used when access is set to 'public'. Allow other application scoped to run scripts that delete data in this table.
- `extendable` (Boolean) Allow other tables to extend this table.
- `live_feed` (Boolean) Flag to determine if live feed should be enabled for this table.
- `read_access` (Boolean) Used when access is set to 'public'. Allow other application scoped to run scripts that read data from this table.
- `scope` (String) Associates a resource to a specific application ID in ServiceNow.
- `super_class` (String) The sys_id of the parent table this table extends (super class). Leave empty to create a standalone table.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `web_service_access` (Boolean) Used when access is set to 'public'. Flag to determine if web service calls can be made to this table.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `name` (String) The internal name of the table.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
# Import using the sys_id of the record in ServiceNow.
terraform import servicenow_db_table.example <sys_id>
```
