---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "servicenow_scripted_rest_api Resource - servicenow"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  servicenow_scripted_rest_api manages a scripted REST API within ServiceNow.
---

# servicenow_scripted_rest_api (Resource)

`servicenow_scripted_rest_api` manages a scripted REST API within ServiceNow.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Manages a scripted REST API in ServiceNow.
resource "servicenow_scripted_rest_api" "example" {
  name       = "Example API"
  service_id = "example_api"
  active     = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the API. Appears in API documentation.

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) Activates the API. Inactive APIs cannot serve requests.
- `consumes` (String) Default supported request formats.
- `doc_link` (String) Specifies a URL that links to static documentation about the API.
- `enforce_acl` (String) The ACLs to enforce when accessing resources. Individual resources may override this value.
- `produces` (String) Default supported response formats.
- `protection_policy` (String) Determines how application files are protected when downloaded or installed. Can be empty for no protection, 'read' for read-only protection or 'protected'.
- `scope` (String) Associates a resource to a specific application ID in ServiceNow.
- `service_id` (String) The API identifier used to distinguish this API in URI paths. Must be unique within API namespace.
- `short_description` (String) The description of the API. Appears in API documentation.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `base_uri` (String) The base API path (URI) to access this API.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace the API belongs to. The value depends on the current application scope.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `update` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
# Import using the sys_id of the record in ServiceNow.
terraform import servicenow_scripted_rest_api.example <sys_id>
```
