---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "servicenow_scripted_rest_resource Resource - terraform-provider-servicenow"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  servicenow_scripted_rest_resource manages a scripted REST resource within ServiceNow.
---

# servicenow_scripted_rest_resource (Resource)

`servicenow_scripted_rest_resource` manages a scripted REST resource within ServiceNow.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **http_method** (String) The HTTP method that maps to this record. Can be 'GET', 'POST', 'PUT', 'PATCH' or 'DELETE'.
- **name** (String) The name of the API resource. Appears in API documentation.
- **operation_script** (String) The script that implements the resource.
- **web_service_definition** (String) The parent API this resource belongs to.

### Optional

- **active** (Boolean) Activates the resource. Inactive resources cannot serve requests.
- **consumes** (String) Default supported request formats.
- **enforce_acl** (String) The ACLs to enforce when accessing resources. Individual resources may override this value.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **produces** (String) Default supported response formats.
- **protection_policy** (String) Determines how application files are protected when downloaded or installed. Can be empty for no protection, 'read' for read-only protection or 'protected'.
- **relative_path** (String) The path of this resource relative to the base API path. Can contain templatized path paramenters such as /{id}.
- **request_example** (String) An example of a request sent to this resource.
- **requires_acl_authorization** (Boolean) Enforce ACLs when this resource is accessed.
- **requires_authentication** (Boolean) Whether requests must be authenticated to access this resource.
- **requires_snc_internal_role** (Boolean) Whether requests must be authenticated with SNC Internal Role to access this resource.
- **scope** (String) Associates a resource to a specific application ID in ServiceNow.
- **short_description** (String) The description of the API. Appears in API documentation.
- **web_service_version** (String) The version of the parent API this resource belongs to.

### Read-Only

- **operation_uri** (String) The resolved path of this resource including base API path, version, and relative path.


