---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "servicenow_service_catalog_item Resource - terraform-provider-servicenow"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# servicenow_service_catalog_item (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) Display name of service catalog item.

### Optional

- **active** (Boolean) If set to 'true', this property will make a service catalog visible for use.
- **category** (String) Service catalog category the service catalog item is assigned to.
- **description** (String) Description of service catalog item.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **mandatory_attachment** (Boolean) If set to 'true', this property will require an attachment when a service catalog item is used.
- **no_attachment** (Boolean) If set to 'true', this property will hide the attachment button from the service catalog item.
- **no_cart** (Boolean) If set to 'true', this property will hide the add to cart button from the service catalog item.
- **no_delivery_time** (Boolean) If set to 'true', this property will hide the delivery time from the service catalog item.
- **no_quantity** (Boolean) If set to 'true', this property will hide the quantity parameter from the service catalog item.
- **no_wishlist** (Boolean) If set to 'true', this property will hide the add to wishlist button from the service catalog item.
- **scope** (String) Associates a resource to a specific application ID in ServiceNow.
- **service_catalogs** (String) Comma-seperated list of service catalogs the service catalog item is assigned to.
- **short_description** (String) Short description of service catalog item.


