---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "servicenow_service_catalog_variable Resource - servicenow"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  servicenow_service_catalog_variable manages a service catalog variable configuration within ServiceNow.
---

# servicenow_service_catalog_variable (Resource)

`servicenow_service_catalog_variable` manages a service catalog variable configuration within ServiceNow.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Manages a variable (input field) on a service catalog item.
resource "servicenow_service_catalog" "example" {
  title  = "Example Catalog"
  active = true
}

resource "servicenow_service_catalog_item" "example" {
  name              = "example-catalog-item"
  short_description = "Example catalog item"
  service_catalogs  = servicenow_service_catalog.example.id
  active            = true
}

resource "servicenow_service_catalog_variable" "example" {
  name         = "example_variable"
  question     = "Please enter a value"
  catalog_item = servicenow_service_catalog_item.example.id
  type         = "Single Line Text"
  order        = "100"
  mandatory    = false
  active       = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of variable that will be referenced in scripts throughout ServiceNow.
- `type` (String) Type of variable to be used in catalog item.

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) If set to 'true', this property will enable the variable in the service catalog item.
- `catalog_item` (String) The sys id of the catalog item the variable will be assigned to
- `default_value` (String) Default value for the variable in catalog item.
- `help_tag` (String) Help header of the variable in catalog item.
- `help_text` (String) Help text for the variable in catalog item.
- `hidden` (Boolean) If set to 'true', this property will hide the variable in the service catalog item.
- `instructions` (String) Additional instructions for the variable in catalog item.
- `list_table` (String) The name of the ServiceNow table the catalog item will use to populate its list.
- `lookup_table` (String) The name of the ServiceNow table the catalog item will use to populate its lookup list.
- `lookup_value` (String) The name of the table value the catalog item will use to populate its lookup list.
- `mandatory` (Boolean) If set to 'true', this property will make completion of the variable mandatory.
- `order` (String) The display order for the variable within the catalog item.
- `question` (String) Display name of the variable in catalog item.
- `read_only` (Boolean) If set to 'true', this property will make the variable read only.
- `reference` (String) The name of the table the catalog item will use to populate its reference list.
- `reference_qualifier` (String) The table filter applied to the reference lookup.
- `scope` (String) Associates a resource to a specific application ID in ServiceNow.
- `show_help` (Boolean) If set to 'true', this property will enabling displaying additional help information with the variable.
- `tooltip` (String) Tooltip hint of the variable in catalog item.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
# Import using the sys_id of the record in ServiceNow.
terraform import servicenow_service_catalog_variable.example <sys_id>
```
