---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "servicenow_service_catalog Resource - servicenow"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  servicenow_service_catalog manages a service catalog configuration within ServiceNow.
---

# servicenow_service_catalog (Resource)

`servicenow_service_catalog` manages a service catalog configuration within ServiceNow.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Manages a service catalog in ServiceNow.
resource "servicenow_service_catalog" "example" {
  title       = "Example Catalog"
  description = "An example service catalog managed by Terraform."
  active      = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `title` (String) Title of the service catalog.

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) If set to 'true', the service catalog will be visible to users.
- `background_color` (String) Background color of service catalog in hexadecimal format.
- `description` (String) Description of the service catalog.
- `desktop_continue_shopping` (String) A page name redirect for when a user clicks Continue Shopping.
- `desktop_home_page` (String) A custom to redirect to when user clicks the catalog breadcrumb.
- `desktop_image` (String) Path to desktop image displayed in service catalog
- `editors` (String) Comma-separated list of sys ids of editor users capable of editing and updating catalog categories and items.
- `enable_wish_list` (Boolean) If seto to 'true', wish list functionality will be visible in the service catalog.
- `manager` (String) Sys ID of manager user capable of performing updates, edits, and deletions again items and categories within service catalog.
- `scope` (String) Associates a resource to a specific application ID in ServiceNow.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
# Import using the sys_id of the record in ServiceNow.
terraform import servicenow_service_catalog.example <sys_id>
```
