---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "servicenow_server Resource - servicenow"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  servicenow_server manages a server entry within ServiceNow.
---

# servicenow_server (Resource)

`servicenow_server` manages a server entry within ServiceNow.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Manages a server CMDB entry in ServiceNow.
resource "servicenow_server" "example" {
  name       = "example-server"
  ip_address = "192.168.1.100"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Display name of the server.

### Optional

- `asset_tag` (String) Asset tag associated with server.
- `assigned_to` (String) Sys ID of user associated with server.
- `company` (String) Sys ID of company associated with server.
- `cpu_core_count` (String) Number of CPU cores associated with server.
- `cpu_count` (String) Number of CPUs associated with server.
- `cpu_manufacturer` (String) Sys ID of CPU manufacturer associated with server.
- `cpu_speed` (String) CPU speed in MHz associated with server.
- `cpu_type` (String) CPU type associated with server.
- `description` (String) Short description associated with server.
- `disk_space` (String) Disk space in GB associated with server.
- `dns_domain` (String) DNS Domain associated with server.
- `ip_address` (String) IP Address associated with server.
- `manufacturer` (String) Sys ID of manufacturer associated with server.
- `model_id` (String) Sys ID of model ID associated with server.
- `operating_system` (String) Operating system associated with server.
- `os_domain` (String) Sys ID of user associated with server.
- `os_service_pack` (String) Operating system service pack associated with server.
- `os_version` (String) Version of operating system associated with server.
- `ram` (String) Amount of ram in MB associated with server.
- `serial_number` (String) Serial number associated with server.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
# Import using the sys_id of the record in ServiceNow.
terraform import servicenow_server.example <sys_id>
```
